# **IceConsole**Web console with xml function database and javascript source.The console uses the xml file to get the function linked to the command and then call it.## INSTALLING COMMANDS### RECOMMENDED###### To install new commands, you will need to install _command-packages_, also named cps. To install a commands package,  use the command `cpinstall {path to command package folder}`. If the command returns an error, make sure that the command package folder contain the three files, and if they are under the correct structure.##### &nbsp;---### /SampleCP   files- _cpinfo.xml_   <---- all files must have the same name as listed-  _cpcmds.xml_-  _cpfuncs.xml_-  _/dependencies_   <---- folder containing the dependencies-  _/extra_   <---- folder for any extra files needed---### cpinfo.xml sample structure    <?xml version="1.0"?>    <root>    <command-package name="CPName" author="AuthorName" version="1.00">    <dependency name="DependencyName" filename="dependency1.0.js"></dependency>    </command-package>    </root>### cpcmds.xml sample structure    <?xml version="1.0"?>    <root>    <commandlist>    <command cmd="cmd" function="func" maxargs="inf"minargs="2"></command>    <command cmd="cmd2" function="func2" maxargs="no" minargs="0"></command>    <command cmd="cmd3" function="func3" maxargs="9" minargs="0"></command>    <command cmd="div" function="divNums" maxargs="5" minargs="1"></command>    </commandlist>    </root>### cpfuncs.js sample structure    (function(window,document,global){    //Use addCpFunction to add your functions declared in cpcmds.xml    	addCpFunction("func",function(args) {    //args(optional) is an array containing the parameters	//code	});	//Use addCpVar to add global variables needed in your functions	addCpFunction("varName",varValue);	    }(window,document,this));---### NOT RECOMMENDED&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To manually add a new command and function, simply create a `<command>` tag with 4 attributes, cmd and function, `maxargs`  and  `minargs`.After doing this go to the javascript `cmd` source and add a new function in the object array, with key string being equal to the `function` attribute value in the xml file.### HOW TO CREATE A `<COMMAND-PACKAGE>` TAG&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To create a `<command-package>` tag, you need to add the cp name, author and version, also, if you are using any dependencies, put a `<dependency>` tag inside with the dependency name and filename### HOW TO CREATE A `<COMMAND>` TAG&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The cmd attribute contains the command name, and the funcion attribute contains the function name that will be called in the function object list at the javascript source. The attribute `maxargs` is the maximun number of parameters, put `"inf"` for infinite and `"no"` if the command will not use arguments. The attribute  `minargs` is the minimun number of parameters, if maxargs value is `"no"`, minargs will not be checked. Howerver, if `minargs` is 0, the command will be accepted without arguments and the `args[0]` will be the string `"noargsused"`.___Copyright (c) 2017 VirtualIceShard, released under the Apache license